Welcome, one important note about this module,
this module is about authentication and to really follow through this module smoothly,
I strongly recommend going through the axios module first because just like the
axios bonus module, this module was added after the course was released to add some extra content to
the course.
It actually use the same project as I use in the axios module and it uses axios for reaching out
to the web.
So if you already know this or if you're willing to dig through the code on your own, you may skip the
axios module,
otherwise I recommend at least going through the axios module, skipping through it so that you know what
we're actually working on in this module.